When I have full access to things
and all the assistive technology
is available at my fingertips and working,
it's a pretty wonderful thing.
It feels like I'm on a level playing field
with everyone else around me.
QR, codes are so good.
At an event with the QR code,
I can scan it straight away
where someone can ask a helper.
I've got my own helper.
Oh, I love QR codes.
When I'm a returning visitor to a website
and they’ve already stored
my information that I can just bring up
as soon as I type
the first letter of my name in.
I don't have to spend 5 minutes
filling out all of my information
when it’s already there.
I love my voice activating system.
It opens and closes my front door
turn on the TV, play a program on the TV.
I'm just so grateful
that there is such a thing.
Digital accessibility has
really transformed
my life.
And I’m able to work and
accomplish everything that I want to.
The normality of being able to do tasks
that the average person does
is just such a huge thing.
The separation between disability
and ability
is shrinking every day,
and that's massively huge.
And the development that's caused
that has literally changed our lives.